Hey, people, beauty.
I'm good here in minecraft in version 13
w02 and other such short videos only
to show you the new
possibility of animated texture
how can you see everything moving here or
there to give an epilepsy attack is very
interesting this new possibility of
animate the blocks in 1.5 that will have with
textures even had a texture and
pec that added the video of the regiment
Just as the guy put the video on
whole and with the song got very
heavy and java can not handle is
need to dedicate to memory for java i
I do not know how to do this so it did not
bring the he-man video to you guys
it is very interesting that this animal
block as I said
this video will only be to show
I'll leave that in the description of the
video texture with animated blocks
probably tomorrow or after honey
bring a video to you teach you to capture the
1.5 new blocks that will come out
including this new block Aquino
neder that is 4 serves to make a
very crazy moment and this light milk
sensor that looks like a panel
solar
he will get some amount of it
sun's energy and transform energy
It happens to the Estonian network, the sitter is activated.
very crazy that is really the baggage is
I hope you enjoyed it.
sign up for the channel and win the bike and target
For the love of Zetti, I had to walk.